hi this Barney from BBC good food and
welcome to boss the basics today we're
going to be bossing burgers first up
were going to be stuffing a burger with
cheese now this can be cooked in those
but it's particularly good on the
barbeque so think of it as like an
inside-out cheeseburger you've got this
gorgeous Patty and meat with a bit of
melty cheese in the middle that oozes
now when you bite into it I'm gonna make
you two burgers so I want about 200
grams admits I've got some really good
quality supermarket minutes here I'm
going to be seasoning it would not be
more than salt and pepper because all
the bone at this burger to stick
together I'm going to be using an egg
yolk for this one so first off and this
goes into our bowl
now here you can choose to flavor the
burger mix however you want some time
would be nice in there some rosemary
would be nice and there you could put
some cooked onions through but I'm going
to keep this plain I've got some good
quality mix and I just what the minister
come through because we're stuffing it
and I want it to really stick together
I'm adding an egg yolk to this egg yolk
goes in and then we're just going to
squish that together with our hands so
to make the actual burger you want to
take about half the mix then we're just
going to shape that into a patty and
then we're just going to press thumb
into that and then we're going to take a
cube of cheese it's about 50 grams of
cheese and we're just going to pop that
in the middle and we're gonna bring the
burger mix over and that
is our stuffed cheeseburger which we'll
be cooking
[Music]
welcome back my garden where I keep my
barbecue I've got the barbecue nice and
hot and we're ready to cook our burgers
but the main thing we want is not to
move them just gonna rub each one with a
little bit of oil and then they're gonna
go on and we're trying to cook them all
the way through so no more that goes
just trying to build a cross top lovely
crust on our burgers so our burgers have
had four to five minutes they're
starting to cook just around the side
which is an indication that they're done
and I can see they're coming away from
the bar so what you trying to do is your
farm really try and build up a cross and
that's the way to stop your burger
sticking to the grill you want a really
nice crust on them they should just lift
off so there we go
Bokke number one number two lovely char
on that and we're just gonna give those
another four to five minutes and they'll
be done so our burgers have had about
five more minutes they're beautifully
charred this one the cheese is starting
to ooze through a little bit but that's
absolutely fine and they're done if you
want to check on a thermometer you're
looking for about 60 degrees for them to
be cooked through 62 to 65 you can't
with these burgers you do want them cook
through because we want to get that
cheese in the middle you want the cheese
we'll mixed up with some raw meat but I
think these two a perfect who's gonna
put them on our tray number one number
two I'm gonna show you for this one just
the cheese in the middle you ready
there we have gooey molten cheese in the
middle or beautiful and soft and that is
our inside-out cheeseburger new way of
cooking burgers indoors it's a smash
burger all those burger bars that have
opened in the UK recently this is how
they put their burgers but they put them
on a cast-iron griddle with a really
heavy pan to splatter on top not many
people have those so I'm going to be
using two normal kitchen utensils to
basically do the same thing so like that
stops burger we've just got a good
quality minutes now a little point of
fat when you're making burgers you want
Vince with a decent amount of fat
content you want fifteen to twenty
percent of fat equals flavor that gives
you juiciness fat is what makes you all
burn the supplement so you don't want
lean mince your mince that is 15 to 20
percent fat for this one we need to take
about 100 grams of meat and we're not
even gonna turn it into a burger
we just want a ball at meat we want to
get ourselves a piece of greaseproof
paper so we just want to oil our pan a
little bit we want it searing hot and
what the pounds be as hot as it can get
and want it to be smoking just a drop of
oil in there not much and then working
quickly we add our burgers apparent we
cover it with the paper and take
something heavy and we just
which it the father's return
and that is what we're after we want
this to be super crispy on the underside
to with all those neat juices to
caramelize don't worry about the hole
that's gonna be useful when the cheese
trips through it that's gonna take about
a minute a minute and a half to cook
say that in karma lots of these folks
are going to it we change
I give it about 30 seconds more what the
cheese can really melt this is what they
do in the toilet
you have but two tablespoons of water
you get yourself a lid or a top and then
your burgers done so in water cover it
with a lid
you have
but useful burger all crispy and
delicious but the cheese melted just
like you get in American bonobos so
there we've got a smash burger which we
squashed in the pan and here we've got
our stuffed burger which we cooked on
the barbecue two ways to cook burgers
very different but both equally
delicious you decide which one you want
to do this has been foster basics I'm
Polly des Missouri and remember stay
home get cooking
[Music]